The student was great and awesome to work with. Coming into a business like the organization with no work experience can be intimidating. We are a full-service company that does everything in-house. If you don't have experience with the work that you are interning in prior to working in real estate development and affordable housing, that is something students deal with. She did great and wasn’t intimidated. She started asking questions right away. She wanted to know more. We had her work on several really complicated, difficult projects. I think she got to see firsthand, all the way through my interactions with the leadership committee, the boards, and the executives, how our business works. We have four of us in the department. It’s just me and two others, and the student was working with us. I think she had a great experience. We will do the program anytime in the future. I would say 10 out of 10.

I know that there were a couple of other students from the program who were working at the organization other than the student. All I can say as a suggestion is for my department and company as a whole, I don’t know what experience they had. But I think we were a great fit, and everyone from your program was awesome to work with. I don’t have any suggestions. It seems like you were sending great students from your end. Our company seems to be a good fit for people who are looking to get hands-on experience with internships. Actually, I see a lot of day-to-day practical challenges that they might be facing when they are out in the work field. So, no real suggestions from me. I think it was fine.

Regarding the onboarding, our team helped with that. We got her set up with the device and email. I know that on their first day, all the interns that were together did a full-day orientation. I wasn’t part of it, so I didn't see if there were any pros or cons there, or with the processes they went through. I would say I was a little overtilted that they were given the same level of orientation as an employee, considering how long they were staying. I think that there were certain things that they could simplify at least. I don’t know if that was on our end or the policy that was put in place. It seems that they were given too serious an introduction. It would have been better if they got to start working in their department sooner and see the work that way. I wasn't there, but I know they did a full day. I didn’t see any issues outside of that.

Student matching and specific requirements. What I remember from the student’s resume is that she had done a few other internships before, so she was more ready to step into a work environment. Her professional conduct was great, and everybody loved working with her. I didn't see any turbulence for her as far as knowing how to do well and succeed in a workplace environment. So that was great. I don’t know if GW HIPP has a more appropriate student pool than business students. I think the student’s background was a major in business. I think that’s the right pool of students generally to choose from, at least for the real estate development side of things. For the other departments that we have, I’m sure there is a large mix of different students. I think the way that you guys went about the selection was good. The only real criteria that I’d look for is more well-seasoned students, like ones that have completed most of the program and maybe have some work experience. I think that they will be more ready to step in, because it's a higher level of work. Anything I could delegate to her was fairly complicated. You do want the students to feel comfortable in their own skin so they can unpack the stuff that they haven't seen before. These are skills that they have and can apply to new challenges.

I didn’t have any other students as interns, not in my department. But the company did. So we had some from your program and also some from others. I think one was called the Washington Center that we had interns from. There might have been other resources, but this was one that I’m familiar with because they sent resumes to me. I didn’t end up selecting any of them. None of them were a better fit than the student.

You guys asked pretty good questions. They made me think about things that I didn’t even consider going into the call, so I think that’s everything I have to say. Both my parents went to GW. I think it’s a great school. I support you guys and would love to continue to work with you going forward. This summer was a success, and I am sure in the future we will be in great shape as long as we keep doing things the way we were and have a lot of opportunities to show students how a company like the organization works. I think it’s a great experience. Students seem to enjoy it. So definitely keep in touch and let me know if I can do anything else to help you.
