I'm Yovan Boyd. I serve as the director of the Ward 8 Hub. We're located in Ward 8 in Highlands public housing. We serve the immediate community, and we have people from all over come through our doors. I was looking at our data between January and July, and we served a little over 5,200 people. We have a staff of four here, so it's myself, a community outreach person, a manager of a program called Partnership Independence, and we have a front desk coordinator. We really survive on volunteers because our volume is really high. So it was great to have Jasmine as a part of the team because she is from east of the river. So when she came in from day one, she literally just jumped in. By the time she left, she was able to do every single thing in this office, even covering the front desk when we had guests, so she did navigations. We have a lot of folks that come in that need help. Their utilities may be off, so she would assist them with applying for LAHIV or other programs that are available. She has created flyers for us. She has helped plan special events. We have a lot of community events and activities, so she not only helped plan, but helped facilitate. For example, this community loves bingo, so we use that as an opportunity to educate. So when Juneteenth came, we had a Juneteenth bingo game. It was all educational, so Jasmine actually was one of the ones that facilitated that and did an amazing job. The community really embraced her. So I think, honestly, hands down, she has been the best intern that we've ever had, just because of her comfort level. She's very curious, she doesn't sit around, and she will come and ask, “Is there anything that you need me to do?” So, for example, we survive on donations. We have a lot of people that come in and need clothing, and you all may remember that plane accident when all of those young skaters passed away. One of their families donated all of their clothes to us. So it was probably 300 bags of things that we needed to sort and get ready to go out into the community, and Jasmine just handled everything. She does an incredible job because she's very detail-oriented and she will ask good questions. She's really good at coming up with ideas, especially on how to engage a younger community, which is great because we serve people as young as probably 17 or 18 all the way up until their 90s. Especially, we have a lot of unhoused young people, and I like the way she serves because there's no judgment. Folks that are unhoused, sometimes the lobby doesn't smell that great, sometimes people may have accidents on themselves. You never see on her face like, “Oh my God, I don't want to deal with folks like that.” I think that is very telling on how she'll be as she grows in public health. I know that that's her passion. My background is in public health. I worked in public health for 30 years before I moved into social services. I think with her demeanor that she will really do well. Some of the special projects that she worked on, she helped us plan a career fair for the community by putting all the pieces together, recruiting folks not only to come, but putting together the flyers and the swag bags for them, helping think through what the workshops would look like. She worked with another intern on the history of the hub because the Ward 8 Hub has been here for some while, but it's really grown into something pretty amazing over the last few years, especially with such a small team. When I came here in January of 2022, they just had one workshop. So now we have workshops every day of the week. We provide notary services, we have navigation services, we have career support, we have mental health, and we give away clothes, toiletries, and food. All of these services have morphed into not just serving this immediate Highlands Dwellings community, but people come from a distance to participate in our program as well as to receive services. The ED wanted to capture how it got from where it was to where it is now. Jasmine and one other intern worked on that document. I haven't seen the final product yet, but he just spoke about what an amazing job they did. They did interviews with a lot of key community leaders, and he raved about her.

Last week, it was my birthday, so they had a surprise birthday party for me, but they also recognized Jasmine and gave her flowers and balloons and cards. They've never done that for any other interns, so I think that really speaks to the impact that she made and the way that she engaged with the community, because she's just really comfortable. Even when I interviewed her, I was like, “Well, I would love for you to come by the Hub, but I do know that this space is not for everyone, because you encounter some challenging behavior that can take place.” But she was like, “Oh no. That's where I want to be.” I was like, “Okay.” When she came, she did a great job. So last week, as one of our final things, we did some outreach to the unhoused. We went to the shelter at St. Elizabeths, and then we went to a park that a lot of unhoused folks are in. So we were able to provide food, clothing, and toiletries. Jasmine was just all in and never had a shy moment. When we had extra items to distribute, she and I walked the community to engage and hand the rest of the materials and things out. She's an amazing young woman, and I really look forward to seeing her blossom into her career. She even participated in a photo shoot. We have a professional stylist that volunteers with us for clothes. So if someone comes in and they need interview clothes, she'll work with them so that they're comfortable with their interview and how they present themselves. It's called “Style by Jen.” She was doing before and afters. Now she's really just capturing their look after she's worked with them. So she did an intern edition and did a styling with Jasmine. Jasmine was all on board. You don't see a lot of young folks that want to put on a suit, but she put that suit on. She did great pictures. The stylist just gave so many kudos to her, just about how not only she presents herself, but how caring she is towards the community and how open she was to just trying new things and stepping out of her comfort zone. Then I do have one staff person that really has terrible computer skills, and Jasmine worked with him so he can now create flyers in Canva. So she did a wide variety of things when she was here. It was like a countdown to her leaving, and I was like, we're about to lose Jasmine. She was so helpful to us.

I honestly don't have any suggestions. We have interns from all over, and honestly yours was so seamless for us. I have nothing. You all did a great job, and I would tell you if I had something.
