It went very smoothly, and she was certainly someone we could count on who would take a project and run with it. Her first very large project, the primary project she was working on, was a curriculum for youth to learn how they can create positive change in the world. I had originally thought, okay, she and I will probably work pretty shoulder to shoulder in this. She took that and ran. We would check in, but she did not need a high level of oversight to get us to a really great product. And then that curriculum was used over the last two weekends with the youth. It was very successful. It was something that we used at our Southeast DC location, Ward 8. We had youth very passionate about many things, but particularly ending community violence, and so that was deeply, deeply successful and meaningful to be with the youth in that. This coming weekend, we will be doing a big culminating project that the youth have created. So from that curriculum, what they learned, putting it into practice in the community this weekend. So that was kind of the primary project. The secondary project was a search engine that she created for furniture banks, which is one part of what A Wider Circle does. We provide free furniture to our neighbors that are going without, and we have actually just recently developed a national coalition of furniture banks. So she was creating a search engine for our new website that would allow whether there's someone who is a furniture bank or maybe someone who wants to donate items to a furniture bank, they can identify where furniture banks are throughout the United States. So we're really excited about both those projects being so successful.

And yes, she was also helpful on a few smaller projects, things that prepared us for a briefing on Capitol Hill about furniture poverty. So yeah, she was all hands on deck for our many different efforts.

Onboarding was immediately far more productive than I had assumed. I mean, we know so many wonderful interns here, and I used to lead our internship program, and so certainly I would say she got settled in and going much quicker than I would have even expected. Again, I think for the first week, we met every day of that week to just make sure, okay, is she feeling settled? Does she know about all of our work and this new project that she's working on? And by the second day, what she'd already had to show me for the project, I was like, oh, okay, she is not going to need a shoulder-to-shoulder partner. She is okay pushing this forward on her own, and that's just with check-ins. So I think that also, I hope, felt very good for her, to feel like this was her creation, truly.

Well, I think she talked about networking. I mean, from what we were seeing, I wouldn't have known that that was maybe an insecurity, and we all have that, of just like, okay, I don't even like going to networking events. But no, she did great. I mean, for the first day, we really just took time to go on tours of our location and our work. She was meeting people. She also was able to shadow a totally different department that was very much direct-service kind of work. And I think she really enjoyed that, really connected with our staff there, and our staff also felt that she had done a great job of that. So I actually wouldn't have known that was something that she was having any challenge with, and she seemed to be connecting with other interns as well.

I hope, and we made it very clear, that she has us for any type of future, even mentorship, or even if it's just light touches in the future to check in on how she's doing. We're very excited about the kind of work that she wants to do, so needed in our world. The connection is forever, and we keep very long-term mentorship relationships with interns. So I do hope she'll keep up with that as much as she would like. And we also had some great talks. We had a little celebration, just her and I, yesterday for it being her last day, and we really were talking about these next steps that she wants to take and navigating, okay, what could be the next internship that would really provide those skills that she is looking for, and maybe be at the right timing to even make that into a job after school. And I know her passion is very much to join the Peace Corps, and so we are discussing that and potentially any additional education that she'd like to receive. So I have a sense. I mean, she's only going into her junior year, so of course our plans are always like this. We've got one target, and it's always a little bit wavy, but it sounds like she's really, from my perspective, knowing what she needs to do to get into the work she wants to do. I think she's really on track for that.

Absolutely. On the advocacy team, which is the team that I lead, we just had the student as our intern. Other departments did have other interns, even from your program and other schools. And so she was able to engage with them and understand the projects that they were doing, but the structure of how we kind of moved through was, again, highly intensive touches for the first week or week and a half, just to be sure that everything's kind of going along, she really has the broad understanding of what A Wider Circle is, and an understanding of what her specific projects are. But after that, we both felt comfortable with one check-in a week, like a very formalized check-in where we go in depth into all of the projects that she was working on. And we're both in the same physical space. A Wider Circle has a few different locations, but she was at this building that I am in, and so on the days when we were here together, we could have more informal check-ins, just to be sure that she's feeling good on that day and has everything she needs.

Wow, I would really share them if I had them, but I did feel, and what I kind of understood also from some of the other folks that were supervising students from your program, I think they all came in very prepared, like they took themselves and the work seriously. And I certainly didn't have anything that I could see from like, oh, the student is not really prepared exactly for how this was going to go. No, I think the only thing I might mention is just making sure that young adults in the program maybe know a little bit of just professional standards, even if it's just a reminder of professional standards. Like, okay, if you're having a health issue, try to communicate in advance, that sort of thing. I think the student and I just had, there were a few times where there were a few last-minute things. That's going to happen. And it might have just happened like that, that I had to know last minute. It really was not a big deal for us, but I just gently was like, okay, so in this situation, let's do this so that everyone is kind of aware. But I would say that was maybe something that could be hit on again. Just generally, what are those kind of ways of communicating when you're in a professional space.

Oh yes. And thank you all. It is so important to us that internships, this has been such a win-win for us, because to have a paid internship, we are not able to do paid internships. We literally do not have the budget for it, and so to be able to partner, and that is kind of where we see equity, is that internships would be paid. That's something we've been working very hard to get to. We're still not there, but we appreciate a partnership that can allow us to kind of meet that so that everyone has equal opportunities to engage in internships.
