Very well. Thank you for your time, and it's a pleasure meeting you all. I'm in the development department of WCK, and it's been a total pleasure to have the student joining us for these weeks. It was during the summer, so it also happened to be during the time when I was taking some time off. She's also been on her own, working with other colleagues, and she's been doing great. So I'm very impressed with her, her skill set, and everything that she brought to the team, and the overall experience has been great, I think, for everybody on the team.

Yeah, of course. I mean, the individual giving team. the student has been working on some projects for our team, but working closely with the research team and with the community fundraising team. This was not the communications department. It was still within development, but more in updating the web page and communication-related tasks. She has not had projects with me that I would directly supervise. So I've been the main point of contact, because when we got together in development and we thought, okay, what are these areas and projects where this intern can be of help, we were brainstorming and we came up with different tasks in different teams. So then it was the question of, okay, who can supervise her. It was anyone on the team, so it was me. I was the lucky one. I've been the point of contact, so basically it's been organizing my own team and those direct points of contact of each project and making sure that the student was okay, and that the workload was not too much, but that it wasn't too low, and being that first point of contact for her. If she needed anything, I could help her get that help or, if that was something that I should take over.

I'm not sure about preparing them for the internship. I think she came very well equipped, honestly. So, no suggestion there. I feel it's very hopeful that young generations come many times more prepared than we were, especially when it comes to technology and using all of these tools. Maybe the unique circumstances are that this was a first time for WCK hosting interns. So we were the ones not knowing what to do, how to do it, what was expected, what wasn't. So I guess, and this is not feedback for you guys, this is more for us and how you can help us be more prepared to receive them. In our case, in WCK, as you probably know, or Monica maybe you've been handling this, we had Ashley, who's our executive assistant, and she's been the main point of contact with GW. She was getting information, and then she was trying to find time to bring us points of contact together, and that was impossible because we were in different departments. So I guess that my one piece of feedback would be, and I don't know if this is already done because I didn't have access to this first conversation, but to me it would have been helpful to receive something that I could read before. I know, like something ahead of time, but getting something with the purpose and timeline, having that information a little bit before, that would have been helpful. And also, we didn't know there was some sort of assessment at the very end, if there was a final project. They came up with their own project, which was amazing. So leaving it a little loose, I guess, was helpful because they came up with their own creative project to do. But for us, it would have been helpful, I guess, to know from the very beginning.

I wish I knew. You said you selected from 200 students. I’m sure they were all wonderful. I think everyone deserves an opportunity, especially when you're 19 or 20, or 20-something. I could not put away any of them, but it is nice to have somebody there where I feel like they're not ready. I mean, we don't expect them to be ready.

I think that for people, you know how it goes. It's very busy. We're always very busy, no matter if it's nonprofit, corporation, or whatever. If we have the time to stop and really meet and think deeply about this, I'm sure we would come up with better ideas on how to host these interns and help them have a better experience. Even myself, now when I look back, I'm like, oh, I could have done this with her. I could have done this and that, but it was just not possible because I was dealing with 1,000 things. So bringing, I don't know if this was done again because Ashley was the main point of contact, but giving these ideas on generic things that the interns can do can help, even if it's the most obvious ones, like shadowing a meeting with our client or a donor, or shadowing different personnel to get that experience, that would be something. I didn't do that with the student and now I regret it because I'm like, how did I bring her? Because that was not a project in benefit of the organization. That was something that I could have done for her more, but I didn't because I wasn't thinking about that, and also my director was thinking of tasks, tangible things that need to be done. There's so much they can learn just by having conversations with us or, again, to shadow somebody. See how you do a meeting with any client or anyone.

I have one more suggestion. There was Ashley and so many points of contact per intern. Each of the points of contact for each intern, like me, came up with our own little document where we would coordinate the projects and tasks that the intern would participate in or be responsible for. If that could be maybe a template, just as a suggestion. Nothing that the teams would feel like they have to fulfill. But then you were like, okay, if this is helpful, here we go. Something simple, please, simple, but so that the teams can be on the same page. Because I remember when Ashley brought all of them, she mentioned one of my colleagues, Catherine, and she was like, and this one was incredible. I'm going to keep it as a template for other tasks. And I was like, well, I want to see that, right? So maybe looking at whatever Catherine did, so you guys can have a look at it and be like, well, this was apparently very good. Maybe creating a generic one that can be, in case this is helpful, here it goes. You're welcome to create your own one.

Oh, what would I expect from an intern? I think that attitude is everything, and I think when you're at that age and in that moment, you need to be open to learn and observe as much as you can. So the student had that perfect attitude where she was serious about the tasks she had to go through, but also she was excited to do more. She even asked, I think she and another intern asked me to be part of some meeting that she had not been invited to, and of course we invited her. So having that attitude is something that we really appreciate, because also, as you know, taking an intern for a few weeks is also additional work for us that, you know, is helpful, but it's usually more added to your plate. So having that nice attitude of, I'm here to help and I'm here to learn, is really wonderful, and if you come with that, you're very welcome, I think. That's me, at least. Everything will be learned, and again, I think no one expects them to come knowing anything. Yeah, so that's what I expect, like having that formal side of whatever you need to do, you need to get it done, but also having that want-to-learn attitude.

It must be difficult to do your selection. Many of them are wonderful, and you know, so amazing.

We can take more interns, so you guys need to find more places. the student learned a lot about funding.
