That was definitely good on her for rolling with the punches like that. We did have her start working on developing a new SharePoint page for our team, and then of course, halfway through that, our team changed. But that was her big project, and then she did a couple of smaller projects for people.

I think our biggest suggestion, that a couple of colleagues also noted, and we had another intern from a different institution that aligned with the student perfectly, like start date and end date, and had the same feedback for that team, was that it was a bit short. Eight weeks, we're quite a large organization. It does take a bit of time to get up to speed, even being a full-time intern. And so it was really at week six, maybe, that I was like, oh wow, he's up to speed. She knows who to go to, what she's doing. She's finally got her feet under her, and then it was like two weeks left. I know that obviously you have to accommodate the school year and you want to give people a break and stuff, but that would be the main feedback that I would provide.

Onboarding process went well. It was only eight weeks ago, but it also feels so long ago. So much has changed since. For the student, it was kind of tough with the timing. Obviously, Jack, you and I had met for several months before it, and we were like, oh, this just changed, this just changed. The summer was no different. And so we had some ideas in mind before she started, and then right before she started, some things changed. But what I did instead was just set up a lot of calls for her and in-person meetings for her with people on the team so she could kind of get to know what everybody does, their career trajectory, and stuff like that. And I know that was something that she and I talked about at the end, that something she really took away from the internship experience was getting to meet all those people and kind of solidify what she liked and what she didn't like. And then I just onboarded her to SharePoint, how to use SharePoint, where to access it. We have a lot of trainings that I told her, when there's a slow week, please take advantage of the training. There's a lot of tools that you can access by having a Save the Children email. But I think it went well.

I think that she was a good match. I think it's hard to say, right? Because I don't know if there was a student out there that would have been a better fit, right? Because we didn't get to see the rest of the resumes. I don't know if there is a different system to use where you send three or four suggestions and do more of an interview style for the organizations themselves. It certainly saved us time not having to do that, especially in a time when things have been so crazy. But again, I can't reflect on that. She was a good fit. But was she the best fit? I don't know because I don't know who else you could select, so I hope that's clear. I don't know.

No, I mean, for the most part, we'll try and have some tasks in mind. It's normally not quite administrative tasks, but those longer-term projects that people don't really have the time to dedicate to, and then we have an intern or a fellow that's able to join and kind of push things along. And so most of the time, the expectation is that they can help push things along. But I know, in my experience, we also want to make sure that the internal fellow is getting just as much from us as we are from them. It is an experience where you get to maybe be in a professional environment for the first time or you get to build your network. I did a lot of internships when I was at GW, and most of my takeaways were like, okay, that's fun, I don't want to do that again. And that's a fine enough takeaway. If you figure out something that you don't like, I told the student, if you figure out that I don't like this, that is as good of a lesson as I like this. You're just narrowing down the things that you do and don't want to do.

Reach out to me in January when you start looking at it, because we just had a massive team restructure, and we got rid of a lot of our humanitarian team. And so, since it is a humanitarian-facing internship, is there space for an intern or fellow here? Absolutely, yes. There's always something to be done. Will it be humanitarian-focused? I don't know. We do have private fundraising and marketing and comms that focus on humanitarian response. But in terms of our award management programs team, it doesn't really exist anymore, unfortunately. So reach out in January.

I will let you know. We also do have a domestic emergencies team, so that's always a possibility. But yeah, reach out in January. Hopefully we'll have found our footing a little bit and I will know the capacity of our ability to meet the program's requirements as well, since it is humanitarian-focused.
