Yeah. the student worked with several of us, and I worked in particular with her on a project that was analyzing a lot of data that we collected from a survey to our volunteers. So she worked with us to compile all that data and break it down into manageable numbers that we could then write a report about, and then translate that data analysis into writing the report. My overall experience with the student was amazing. She was super competent, timely, respectful, and enthusiastic. She did her role super well and with a great attitude, and really contributed to that report. It would have taken us a lot longer if we didn't have her helping out with it. So yeah, overall, a great experience. I think Miranda worked on another project with the student as well.

Yeah, so my team and my group worked with the student on a couple of different projects. One was coordinating some feedback and some stories from volunteers. So the student worked on all of the communications, and then also gathered all that information and put it in a place that we can easily access for monthly newsletters that we're going to send out for the remainder of the year. Great feedback from the colleague that worked with the student on that. I think that project was really successful. It was fun to see the student using her voice to send out the communication to the volunteers. So that was one project that we worked on. And then the other one was a data project. So we have data in different systems, and we were working on combining all of the data and making connections between the data for our fundraising team. So she worked on a dashboard for them to identify some champions for the organization and some people that the fundraising team could reach out to. Same as Carrie said, the student was really great to work with on that. She was very professional. She was able to work alone on a lot of things and then ask specific questions and reach out if she needed any information or needed help on anything. Also, she wasn't shy about reaching out, which I really appreciated. I think this internship was a little bit different than the other ones that you had in that we were all virtual. That presents its own challenges, but I thought the student did a great job organizing her work hours. She was online at the right time and did reach out if she had any questions.

No problems at all. In my experience, we had set recurring meetings that I would always check in with the student, and she was always on time and present at those. It was just kind of expected that in between those weekly meetings, she would reach out with any questions, or we would reach out via Slack, which is the communication platform that we use. So she was excellent in doing that, and there were no problems with the time difference or anything.

I would say, Carrie and I met with the student for an exit interview. One thing that she said was that this was her first time working remotely. So I think we should probably do a better job of prompting them about what that expectation is, because I think we sort of take it for granted because we've been doing it for quite some time. So that would be my feedback, and then just maybe on the GW side, letting them know what that means to be remote.

Yeah, I'd echo what Miranda said. In my experience, I was a remote intern a few years back too. It takes a little bit more self-discipline and motivation to do the work without a supervisor directly over you watching you. So having time management skills and self-motivation, I think, are important in an intern that's going to be doing a remote internship.

What a pleasure it was to work with the student. She was always willing to take on whatever task we needed her to, even if it was a little bit outside of her comfort zone, which she shared with us afterwards, from data projects to communication projects. It was really great to work with her. It was really great that a lot of times our interns have EWB experience, and she didn't. She really just jumped in and had a good understanding of the organization pretty quickly, which is really good, because it's kind of a complex organization.

Yeah, and echoing what Miranda said, it was genuinely sad to see her go.
