The student was phenomenal, really phenomenal, in everything that she did over the summer. The experience from start to finish was really great. I know you guys were mostly dealing with Scott Gregory on our end to facilitate the partnership, but from the moment that he told us about the program, when he forwarded The student’s resume, to onboarding, it was really phenomenal. I think the communication was really good. Once she started with us, she was open to meeting a couple of times right before the internship started so that I could talk to her about what her first day would look like. I chatted with her a little bit prior to the internship just to make sure that I was designing it to meet her goals as well and see what her expertise was, and then she really hit the ground running. She worked on quite a few projects with us. I'm a marketing and development strategist, so she jumped right in with some marketing projects with us. She helped out with a lot of different short-form videos for our social media over the summertime, and she was really great. Sometimes we would just chat about an idea briefly or brainstorm, and then the next day, or sometimes later the same day, she would have the first draft or a storyboard or a deliverable ready, with very little instruction needed on our end. I was kind of sitting there being like, oh, let me type up some directions or instructions, and then she would already have a 90% finished project. It's just way above and beyond expectations. On top of some of the work that she did with our social media and content management, she also did an audit of some of our PR materials and provided some recommendations based on her previous experience working with the news outlet.

Her biggest project overall was that she worked really closely hand in hand with one of our vendors. So we have a vendor that we're working with on our annual report digital experience, which was just launched, and that same vendor is working with us on an updated video organizational trailer. The student worked really closely with me, really closely with the vendor. I think she really leveled up the creativity of the video. That is with the vendor right now in a 90% completed stage. So we were able to get a lot more done a lot more quickly with her. I think the quality of it was just phenomenal, everything that she brought to the table. That’s my overall impression.

I don't think we've been affected as much as some other international organizations. For international projects, we volunteers actually do a lot of the fundraising at a grassroots level for them. We do supply quite a bit of funding from the headquarters level for contingencies, insurance, overhead, project planning, and things like that, but we were actually not large USAID recipients or anything like that. Where we actually got hurt the most was on our domestic side. So for a lot of our domestic projects here in the US through our core program, they were being funded through federal programs like the USDA, Department of Transportation, and the EPA. So we were really hurt on that side of our programming, and just last month, we actually had to do some staff reductions. It was really sad. I think the other intern that we had from the HIPP program, Yoomin, I believe she was reporting to Katie, who was one of the people that got cut. I don't know if you've chatted with Scott about it. She was reporting to a couple of people in her department, so hopefully her internship wasn't too affected. But I think it is really important to still have students who are excited, who are really interested in learning about the issues. I think it's important for us to be transparent with them. I tried to be really transparent with the student about how we got to where we are and where those staff cuts came from, just to give her an understanding of that landscape. I think in terms of us running internships, it's been a long time since EWD has done paid internships, unfortunately. So we've just been doing small, unpaid summer cohorts every year. This was a great addition to have the HIPP program because I felt like I could really give the student substantial, meaningful work and not feel quite as bad about it on my end. You never want to give somebody too much work or anything too far outside of their scope. The outlook is a little weak in terms of our ability to hire interns after their internship right now. We're a pretty small organization, so we have a few people on our staff who have moved from internships into staff positions. It's definitely not the most common. I'm not one of those hiring managers, but in the near future, just with our budget constraints, it may be difficult.

Yeah, definitely. Everybody on our team just really loved the student. We were all really sad on Friday when it was her last day. I've heard really great things from the other department about Yoomin as well. I just think the dedication of the interns that you guys sent our way this year was absolutely phenomenal. If in the future we ever have the budget to onboard some of them, that's something we would be interested in. But who knows how long it'll be before we have that kind of budget.

I think that onboarding process definitely worked out for us. I would definitely ask Scott Gregory, since I know he was the one who was managing the partnership between EWB and GW. But I know on my end, it was really helpful because I just heard that this program might be happening, and then one day I got a really excellent resume in my inbox, and I was like, yes, let's onboard her as quickly as possible. That's great. We're really small. We have really limited staff capacity. So for me personally, it was nice to just have a resume already in my inbox as opposed to having to spend the time sorting through and then scheduling multiple interviews and really figuring out the perfect fit there. I don't know if any of the other departments have different opinions on it, but I personally was a big fan.

No, not any suggestions that are really coming to mind. I feel like the student came in really well prepared for the internship. I heard a lot of great feedback from her throughout the internship that she really enjoyed having her GW cohort meetings on Friday, and then I know at EWB, we had our internal intern cohort meeting every Tuesday, so I know she got a lot of value out of that. I don't know if you guys do it the same for every single intern, with the same start and end date. But I know she was with us 40 hours a week from, I think, June 2 through August 8. It was really good to have a full-time capacity. I think just as great would maybe be somebody who's on 30 hours a week for a couple more weeks. But that might not fit with the way that you guys run things, or that might not be as ideal for the interns themselves. Because I think having somebody who's close to that full-time capacity but has a couple more weeks to really be here would be great. The student was great at jumping right in, but I think it can take people a few weeks to really start and figure out who the people they should be talking to outside of their immediate team are. It was really nice to have that full or nearly full-time capacity. So if there's any way to just stretch it out by another week or two, I think that would be great, but maybe that's just wishful thinking on my end.

I didn't think having no engineering background was an issue whatsoever. I also don't have a background in engineering. My background is in international relations, and I kind of stumbled into marketing throughout my career. Honestly, I do think that it was an asset, at least for the marketing perspective, that she didn't have a big background in engineering. I think she's really smart and a really quick learner. So the things that she had to learn, she could. But what she really helped us with actually was humanizing everything to a more digestible level, which is really what we need for marketing, bringing it back down. What is the impact of a project? We don't need to be telling the public about a borehole that we're drilling. We just need to tell them we're providing water to a school where children need water so they can attend every day.

I went to American University, so I have a lot of friends who went to GW. I know that GW has a phenomenal communications program, phenomenal media program, and phenomenal international development and international relations programs, and I think those are all really fantastic people to send our way.

I thought that remote working mode was great. At the beginning of the student's internship, I asked her what hours she was most comfortable working. She volunteered to work on mountain time hours, so instead of 9:00 to 17:00 East Coast time, she was mostly working 11:00 to 19:00. Sometimes if I saw her send a Slack message before 09:00 my time, I would try to make sure that around 15:00 or 16:00 our time she would log off to maintain a good work-life balance. I thought that it was great. She was really willing to be on any kinds of meetings. She was great at working remotely. We definitely had a few scheduled one-on-ones each week, and then also she was in a lot of other meetings with us. She was always great at participating, participating on Slack. I thought that the time difference was really not too much of an issue, hopefully. It wasn't too disruptive for her life. In the future with other interns, I'd be more than happy to let them work their typical 9:00 to 17:00 East Coast hours. That's okay with me, but she volunteered to do 11:00 to 19:00 instead. Maybe 90% of our staff is based in Colorado at this point, but we have a ton of staff who are in different locations throughout the US. So we're used to having our core hours for communication in the middle of the day, and then everybody's pretty flexible, as long as the work is getting done.

Thank you so much for working through this program. I saw your LinkedIn post the other day and recognized a bunch of the other organizations that some of your interns were placed at as well. So I think it's really great that you guys are doing this and just getting the students out there to experience these organizations.

It was a phenomenal experience. Like I said a couple of times, I wish that we could keep the student forever. I think everything was really smooth. I don't know if you need a formal assessment or anything. Here on our end, we do an exit interview with an assessment. The student passed with flying colors, but I can send that over to you if that's useful. I don't know if that's a metric that you use or not.
