I'm Sarah. I'm based in Belfast in Northern Ireland, and great to meet you both. Thank you for scheduling this. I joined Relief International in March, so around five months ago or so. My role in the organization is as a global business development manager, working closely with the director to really generate income and develop new partnerships around corporates, foundations, and trusts globally. It was fantastic to work alongside the student. She was such an asset to the team. She jumped in right away to support and understood the environment that we're working in, the restricted financial situation we're in globally with fundraising, and understood that and was willing to jump in. So overall, it was an excellent experience, I believe. I'm only five months into my position, but I think it was the organization's first time hosting an intern. So it was an excellent experience overall. the student really thrived from her time with us.

I think the onboarding process was smooth. I believe the coordination happened between HR and members of the board that were engaged with the university, and then potentially the director of our team. So I suppose I was allocated at a late stage to be the student's manager, which is fine, and we made sure that there was a very clear scope of work and direction for her time with us. But that's on our side, that we should have coordinated the various roles and responsibilities earlier on. But no, I think the back and forth from the university was very clear, and in terms of MOUs, agreements, and expectations, there may have been a mishap in terms of the student not recognizing that the role was fully remote. We used to have an office in DC, but with all the cuts, we had to give that up. So that was a component to consider.

I'm happy to share the scope of work. I can share that via email, which really broke down each week what the student would be working on, from orientation for the first week, researching various documents in our SharePoint system, just getting a feel for the organization and how to communicate what we do. After that, we worked on some research with the student around corporates, trusts, and foundations, how to research organizations, what to look out for, and specifically looking into different sectors, whether that was biotech, pharmaceutical, or hospitality, and then categorizing that. She was incredibly helpful. Then we moved into organizing that research, so compiling various data points into an Excel document and then adding filters, which I'm terrible at. the student was wonderful, so that was really useful. After that, she developed templates that were necessary for business development meetings with donors, and that is now being used by various members of our team. She also made pipeline monitoring and evaluation suggestions for how to improve that. We worked together on some unrestricted grant applications, one of which we were successful on, which generated income for the organization. She developed some materials on kind of boilerplate, you know, who are we, what do we do, and how to communicate our mission to various donors. She worked on organizing our materials online, so annual reports, organizational charts, leadership bios. So I can share this document with you, and it just gave a run-through of every week and the deliverables alongside that, so that she had a clear scope of what to work on. That was discussed every Monday and Wednesday in our catch-up.

Suggestions, I wonder if on our part, before the student joined, we could have shared materials to explain who we are and given her access to her scope of work before she joined. I suppose that's optional, because it might be overwhelming if it's out of context without meeting a manager. No, I think it was very clear-cut, and the student joined and knew what her role was from a university perspective, and was just very open and willing to jump in and support in any way that she could. So I don't have any. I mean, if it's okay, if anything comes to mind, I'll definitely reach out and say how things could have been improved, but certainly from our perspective, from our director, my manager, and others, the feedback was very positive in terms of what the student delivered over her time with us. We would have certainly loved to have had her for another few weeks, and it really flew by. But I understand that there's a certain amount of time dedicated, so no suggestions on my side.
