Let me start by saying good morning. My journey with the student is kind of interesting because I didn't originally start out supervising the student. However, I was on the panel that had the first discussion with him, and I sensed that he had a preference for maybe health informatics and style tools and stuff like that. But he was assigned to my then supervisor, who unfortunately had to exit the organization because of the restructuring. So he was then sent to me, and we worked together, not for the whole length of his internship. I think that's worthy of note. I would say four to six weeks there. I have a sense that the student needs to come out of his shell. I think he is still kind of in the cocoon, and he needs to come out more. So when he joined, he already had a project he was working on with my then supervisor, so we just had to continue. And it is a very important project to us in Project Hope, because right now we are trying to see how we can make data more available for use, and one of the ways is to make sure that the data elements are relevant to the program managers, and that the data elements can be easily sourced from our programs. So he worked on developing what we call a performance indicator reference sheet. And what the performance indicator reference sheet is, it's a document that unpacks every indicator we want to track. So it tells us how it's defined, how it's calculated, what's the unit of measure, how do we quality assure, how do we report, and how do we analyze indicators. So that way there is uniformity of reporting across the board. Project Hope is at the point where we don't only want to report what the donor is asking us to report, we also want to collect data that we think is important to us. So we've come up with what we call outcome-level indicators that are internal to us also. the student's task was to develop the performance indicators reference sheet for all those outcome-level indicators. So he succeeded in developing two thematic areas, and then he reviewed the additional two that he was supposed to develop.

It was interesting working with him, because at first I found him responsive. I found him responsible. However, we had an interesting conversation where he felt that my approach was that I was asking him direct questions. He doesn't learn well when he's asked direct questions. He likes to be probed and allowed to use his imagination, because the direct questions box him into saying yes or no. So I think my only concern with that engagement was he didn't reach out to me to tell me. He only reacted because he felt I was not impressed with the quality of his work. So when I heard what he had to say, I said, okay. I told myself, I'll change my approach, and maybe that would work better with the student. And I noticed that with the second, or maybe the third or fourth meeting after that, he actually said he preferred the new approach. He was grateful for our open conversation, and he was happy that we had that frank conversation. He also expressed his concern because he said at that time, because of the restructuring that was going on in Project Hope, a lot of the interns were a little bit sensitive. They didn't know if their internship status was still valid, so maybe that was why he was not so open. So anyway, we had that open conversation, and yeah, I think we're in a good place now. My own feedback to him was he needs to learn how to, I know he's a student, but he's worked before, so I expected more work ethic from him, more professional ethics from him. However, I think I also put that in the feedback that even at Project Hope we need to provide orientation to the interns. For example, I'm your supervisor, and you have a meeting with somebody in my department, and I'm not aware, because typically I'm supposed to report upwards on what you're doing. But if I'm not aware of what you're doing, I can't update my own supervisor. So I told him subsequently, when you are trying to schedule those meetings, just copy me in an email. So my own feedback to our team is we need to provide orientation to the interns. They are students. Yes, they are coming to a work environment. We don't expect them to act professionally 100%, but they need to understand all the basics. So yeah, that was one of the feedback points. And then the other feedback I gave him was, he's from Ghana. I'm from Nigeria. The way you're being taught in the US is totally different from what we know. So now you're in the US, and they are teaching you that way. You need to be malleable. Still, where we come from, we are malleable. So next time, if you're concerned about the way you're being supervised, call a meeting with your supervisor, express your concern. Two things will happen. The supervisor will change, or the supervisor will not change. So prepare to deal with that. So yeah, I think I'll stop there for now, in case there's any question or comment.

Yeah, so I think we had interns last year. We have them this year, and we also get some form of, I don't think those are interns, but we get some student associations. There's a conversation we are currently having with, I think, two other schools. They have a student association, and the student associations are volunteering some of the students to Project Hope to support some of our projects. So that's one way. The other engagement is we have reputable global organizations, and some of them are actually Fortune 500 companies. They reach out to organizations like Project Hope. We share some projects with them, and then they review them. And if they have people, or interns, with those skill sets, they then match them up with us, and then we embark on the projects for 8 to 10 weeks or so.

For our unit, the global health unit, when an intern is coming, we typically would have a discussion with the intern so they have an idea of who their supervisor would be. They have an idea of the kind of work they do. So I think one of the things they need to do is read up on Project Hope and read up on that particular team and their projects. They can set up informational interviews and ask questions and try to understand what they are about, so that when they're coming, they're not coming totally blank, but they have a good foundation as to where the team is heading.

I always told myself, I like to teach. I'm a teacher's son, so one of the things I always do is to make sure that I put myself in the shoes of the learner. So when he became my supervisee, after our first engagement, I found out he didn't have some basic understanding of monitoring and evaluation. So I identified some free courses online and sent them to him, which is what I do for everybody that joins my team. I support three regions in Project Hope: Africa, Asia, and Eastern Europe. So once there's a new hire, I send out those courses to them. There are five courses that help you understand monitoring and evaluation end to end. So I sent them to him, and when he finished, we had a discussion on those courses, and he demonstrated good knowledge. When I gave him the assignment to do, I noticed, and that's something else I have to give to the student, he doesn't think a product is perfect. He's always working to refine the product. So when he learns new knowledge, he goes back to the product and tries to refine it. So I send him links, I send him materials just to update his knowledge, and yes, he's actually receptive to those. I have to give that to him.

Yeah, so in addition to orientation about the workplace, workforce, and all, I think we, and I say we, meaning you and even Project Hope, need to encourage them to open up, to ask questions, because there is going to be a lot of information asymmetry. I have been in the industry for over a decade, and I have to consciously tell myself, probably this is the first time this person is hearing about monitoring and evaluation. So while I'm trying to meet my day-to-day tasks, if I'm not intentional about the intern's growth, I can't really help them grow. So the interns have to be bold enough to ask questions. I think that's something you need to let them know. Feel free, because at Project Hope we are one big family. Everybody's accessible. So let the interns feel free to ask questions. And like I told the student, when I join a new team, the first question I ask my supervisor is, how do you like to supervise? From that conversation, I can tell if the supervisor is a micromanager or the person would allow me to feel free and do my work. So I know that they don't have the number of years of experience I have, so they might not be as confident. But I would say you just have to call it in. Kimora is really confident. So somehow, whatever you guys have done to make Kimora confident, make the other interns as confident.

When he made his first presentation, and I gave him feedback, and he was supposed to remake the presentation, he had not incorporated the feedback. I said, “the student, nothing has changed.” He thought his initial presentation was all that, but the current version is a far cry from what it was. So I would like to encourage your team and us to encourage the interns to ask more questions and be confident. Then they should also ask for, when they join a team, relevant documents that would help them understand the projects they are working on or the team they are working on. Almost every team in our unit has a strategic plan, so they can ask for those strategic documents that will help them understand the vision of the team, so that they can see how they fit into the team.

My comment will be a question. Why eight weeks? Because if you want them to be part of something meaningful, to leave the organization knowing that they contributed to something, 10 weeks, maybe 12.

Okay, I look forward to having more of your interns. I think it's helpful to the interns, helpful to Project Hope, and also to the special project team, so I think it's a very helpful collaboration.
