Student was one of the best students the organization had, a very solid and self-motivated intern, a valuable quality in a young employee or intern. She was able to dig into the work with the information provided. The plan was to have her 100% with my team, which is resource development focused, but I noticed that she was interested in gender and gender issues in humanitarian aid. So I set her up with a colleague who works in that field, splitting her time half and half between two teams. This way, she might be able to get what she had been looking for, as well as for us to get the expected deliverables. I think it worked out well. She was able to deliver great work on both teams. Some of the documents and processes we will definitely keep using. Additionally, she is a very pleasant person to work with, never late, and shows up at the office in DC. I work in Atlanta, so we never met in person, but she worked with colleagues in the office.

I didn't supervise a lot of students. Maybe one before this time; this is my second. But I worked alongside a lot of them through my 10 years with the organization. I started as an intern myself, so I am definitely familiar with how this works. There were a couple of younger employees in the DC office that I think she could connect and network with. That’s what I was telling her, that she could go to the office one day per week for guidance, but after COVID and work-from-home arrangements, it became so hard for young people to network. Coming out of grad school, when you have this opportunity, that is golden. So I was suggesting working two to three days a week at the office, which I think is a good idea.

I don’t really have any suggestions, because the student was so good. If it had been a different person, I might have. Especially at this moment, with foreign assistance and foreign aid funding cuts that we had for the past several months, having an intern who was paid by the university allowed us to have an intern student. We wouldn’t have had an intern on our team over the summer otherwise. So I really loved that opportunity. I think that is great. There are not a lot of schools that are doing that at that level with that many interns. I saw some of the photos of your whole team of interns on LinkedIn the other day. I thought it was great; it seems like a good cohort. Not a lot of other schools are doing that, and some of them still have a half-and-half model, with some interns paid by the organization, which in regular times is fine, but in the current time it makes it really difficult to keep that pipeline of good talent coming through. The main thing is, please keep it up. It’s a great program, and we definitely want to participate again next year. I think the student was very well prepared, so the preparations you are doing on your end seem to be working well. She is very professional, and professionally dressed as well. Coming from grad school or college into the workforce for the first time can be tricky in terms of navigating, especially at a pretty casual place. But she managed that very well. Overall, it was positive. Please keep up the program, because we really enjoyed it.

The onboarding process was great. You guys provided interviews with two students initially, and I wish we had space for both of them. I interviewed them both with a couple of my colleagues. The student was great, and the other person that we interviewed was very high quality too. He was just a slightly different fit for the type of work we were looking for. I was thinking that if we could figure out something with one of our program teams, that would have been perfect for him. I still think about how to do this with more than one person, if this becomes an option for next year. People I have worked with are not sure if they want an intern until the intern is around. That is something we are dealing with. The introductory process was great. It was pretty easy. All the forms and everything. That part was not too bad. The student also seemed to have a pretty good understanding of what deliverables she needed to have for the project. I obviously read all the documentation to make sure I understood what she needed. Overall, it was not a bad process to start.

Expectations for the students from my side are sort of two levels. The basic tasks: I work in resource development, kind of in between fundraisers and program teams, trying to generate materials to help raise money for various problems around the world, focused on humanitarian and emergency assistance. So there are some day-to-day basic things that we needed help with that we didn't have time for, such as updating databases and helping to edit reports. At the same time, I wanted to make sure that she was not only doing that sort of basic work, but also getting an idea of what working in development actually looks like. That’s why I made the connection with our other sub-team. She was able to work on an actual report while doing some of the data cleaning and work on the report that will actually be published. With us, she also worked on some process improvements and developed a better format for some of our reporting that was taking on a new format. So that was another piece of work that was not basic, but actually a higher-level piece of work. The basic part is that she meets extra help needs, while also trying to introduce the sector to someone who is new to it and start establishing that pipeline of new talent as well, because that's what we look to these programs for.

Regarding the application process, from our perspective, both of the candidates were really high quality, so it made it a really difficult choice. I knew that no matter who I chose, it was going to turn out well. I think the preselection process that you just talked about seems like you're curating your potential interns very well, and that makes it a lot easier. The interview is more a verification of the skills needed or of the attitude or culture fit needed. From the small part that I saw of it, I think that seemed to work really well for us.

I've been talking to the student about staying in touch and making sure to link in with everybody that she has come in contact with in the organization. I really hope that one day, after she graduates, she finds a role here. I think she would be a great fit. Thank you all for the work that you have done and for keeping the pipeline of young people into this field alive during a difficult time for the sector. I think it's really important work, so I appreciate what you all do. We hope to work together again in the future.