I was really fortunate to have had an intern for 35 or so hours a week. She did a great job in a lot of ways. One project she worked on was building a chatbot for the website. She actually kind of co-supervised, with me, the high school intern who was really savvy on some computer coding and AI, and so they worked together. I think she did a nice job on that project. She worked on a couple of database cleanup projects for our CEO. She worked with me on some research, kind of consolidating databases, some really exciting research for us, and she took a first pass at finding conclusions and analyzing mainly numerical data, not qualitative, and turned some of that into slides so we could present it. And then she also spent one day a week doing direct service work, and that was part of a larger team, which I think was good for helping her feel grounded and more connected to our mission.

I think she jumped right in with each of the projects, and we didn't start all the projects at once, but with each of the projects there was orientation, and then there was orientation to our organization and some basic things that we went over when she started, maybe for the first couple of hours. So I think she picked it up quickly.

The one challenge was we didn't have a great rhythm. Partly it was me being as busy as I am, and partly it was her not having regular check-ins. I would say, with some interns that are working far less, I meet with them once a week. Because she was working a lot more, and sometimes projects were taking shorter than I expected and other times a lot longer than I expected, I tried to get in the habit of saying, please send me an email at the end of the day letting me know what you worked on and what's still on your plate for the next day. At least if we can't get a face-to-face, that would help me budget your time and mine. And she largely did not do that. I tried to address it. I said, you can chat me, or you can text me if it's easier, but especially on work-from-home days, I was like, hello, what are you up to? And she would deliver, especially when I said, I need this in two days from now. But I was also a grad student, and I understood that the things that I think now in my mid-40s take five minutes, take somebody younger and newer to the working world a lot longer. So, like I said, I think it was a combination of both her and me. That kind of interaction, we never totally gelled and worked out. But she was very personable. She was very competent in the projects that she did, and she was communicative if she needed to run late or switch a work-from-home day for some reason.

Maybe it brings to mind something that I've done with the clinical interns that I supervise, which is we have a supervision agreement, like we should always call me if X, Y, and Z happens, we should have one hour face-to-face each week, that kind of thing. That could be useful, because I'm going to guess, and this was true for, I know, you hosted two others with us, someone in advocacy and then somebody in another department.

One recommendation is, do this year-round. I would love to see that. I mean, I just think it's such an equitable opportunity for people to have paid internship experience and get the support that they do get from GW to kind of round out their experiences. We unfortunately don't have the budget to provide paid internships, at least not yet. It's still a high priority of mine, but being able to host these folks I think was really amazing, and I don't think we could have done half the work that we hoped to this summer were it not for their efforts. So thank you. Adam could speak more to the process of interviewing and such. I didn’t meet the student before the internship. I really think you did a great job helping us select folks, and that was very helpful, bringing folks to us that were the right fits. And from my perspective, which was probably a lot more limited than Adam's, it was very smooth.

Well, I think the intentionality of maybe having a mid, maybe like a two- and a six-week check-in, maybe as a triad, the supervisor, the main contact for that student in your program, and then the student themselves, could have been just an intentional way to say, how are things going? I think that's the best idea that I can offer, is maybe to have a three-way check-in. It establishes that there are open lines of communication and, in the worst-case scenario, can help a supervisor know who to reach out to, have a face to go along with that experience.

I guess I didn't hear anything from you during the time, so I assume she didn't have any major concerns that you would have brought up. But maybe those conversations could be helpful for all parties. It can help a student to have an ally from the school if they do have a concern with their supervisor, and help lessen that power dynamic.

I was so excited when I heard that this program existed and that we were able to take on students. I think it's remarkable. I'm grateful that we could work with the students and this third student whose name I am forgetting because I didn't meet her directly, but I saw her supervisor this morning, and she said, wow, yesterday was her last day. So we really miss her so much. She did such a great job, and she's going to have a bright future in international anti-poverty work. So yeah, all in all, thank you. We're really lucky.

Continue to be an advocate for a program like this. If you need a support letter to take to your folks and say, “Look, we need to do more of this,” just let us know how we can help.
