My name is Hameed. I'm the director of research, impact, and evaluation here at Jubilee Housing. I was the one who actually interviewed and recruited the student for this internship a few months ago. My personal experience has been very positive. I believe that she was a really good intern. She learned a lot from us, and we learned from her skills as well. Rachel is the data analyst who was directly working with her hand in hand on some projects that she's going to tell us more about. Overall, I have a very positive impression about her skills and abilities and her willingness to learn and contribute to my team. So that's all I can say. If you have any specific questions that I can answer, I will be happy to do so. But otherwise, I will just hand it over to Rachel for her opinions and feedback that she has specifically.

I'm the data analyst, and the project that we had the student spend most of her time on was that we have these two separate databases that aren't always perfectly aligned. And we don't really have the resources to get a platform or an app or someone to spend most of their time making sure they're automatically synced, so it ends up being a lot of manual work. So we had her set up essentially a quick, automated way to line up names, dates of birth, and other identifying information across both of these databases so that going forward, every single week, I can just run her code and then check who is unmatched across these databases and then sync them back up, which is something that I've been meaning to do since I got started at Jubilee Housing a year ago. The student's skill set was slightly different than my own. She had a lot more experience with actually using VS Code and setting up systems more together. I mostly know how to use code to do data analytics. So she was really helpful in teaching me how to use some of these other tools. She was also incredibly resourceful, able to figure out a lot of things that maybe she didn't know in advance by searching the web and asking questions and things like that. I'm hopeful that we were also helpful to her. In school and in other internships, she had worked on data that's somewhat curated, always a little bit. And this was really her first time working with data with all of the challenges that come with data that's not particularly curated. It has all of the mess that comes with daily life and old systems and all of these things, and she said it was really interesting and unique and quite fun and challenging to work with this kind of data, so it was great.

Onboarding process, we did not have any issues or challenges around onboarding. I was directly involved in the interview process and onboarding her. But once that stage was finished, the onboarding process within the organization was mainly handled by Rachel, and I don't think there were any issues. But she can provide any additional details on that.

Yeah, it went pretty smoothly onboarding her on our side. The only challenge that really arose is one that always is, which is that one of the databases that she needed to learn how to use is Apricot, and it's not very user-friendly most of the time. It's pretty complex, so I found a couple of resources for her. She mostly spent the first week, and I had also created a couple of resources for our internal team on the forms that I set up in Apricot myself that are custom, so she spent the first week just kind of going through them. And then we have a sandbox version of the databases, so I just let her mess around in that sandbox version and get comfortable with it and ask any questions. So the first week, she spent most of her time watching videos and otherwise on a call with me as we went through the system, which I'm sure was not particularly exciting. Of an eight-week internship, a full week to learn the system isn't so bad, but it also feels a little bad that she would spend so much time learning a system that she probably won't touch again for a long time.

I thought she was a great match. Internally speaking, she had a lot of experience with the tools that she was using. So for our organization and our purposes, she was great. She was actually able to teach us a lot of stuff. I don't know internally entirely what you're hoping interns will get out of this kind of work. I'm hopeful that she was also able to take stuff with her. Because it is an internship and it's pretty short, but it's still hopefully a pretty great experience that would be good for interns. So if it's super competitive, I don't know, I suppose it would be great if individuals who haven't had previous internship experience and stuff like that also had the opportunity to try. But I know the more competitive things get, the less possible that is.

I don't have any suggestions. I don't know if Hameed has any.

Honestly, I can't think of anything specifically. But maybe my one suggestion would be to have this kind of conversation before you start, to introduce a new intern in the future. That would be helpful just to get an idea about what to expect and what the process is going to be. Because during the process we had some questions about the schedule, like how long, etc., so I think I would suggest this kind of conversation before we employ any future intern, if you all agree.

I think the program is great. We got a lot out of it. Honestly, we are not very resource-intensive, right. We just need to spend time. So it was a boon for us, really.
