My name is Matty. I'm the senior supply chain manager for World Central Kitchen. We work out of our main warehouse in Capitol Heights, Maryland. We've got a very large warehouse where we support our teams as they go out to the field with material, ordering, procurement, and everything that's needed for the teams to be able to cook in the field when they deploy into a disaster zone.

My experience with the interns was absolutely amazing. The opportunity came up, not out of the blue, but it is something that we had talked about for a couple of weeks, and then all of a sudden Ashley was like, “So Matty, we've got people that are going to support you, and I've got two that are available.” I was like, “Great, let's bring them out.” It was really opportune because my team was growing and my full-time positions were growing. And we had our two interns,  that came out. I was really excited about the whole process and the whole event. I actually felt like I was a little bit unprepared going into it, just kind of juggling so much. But they were super flexible, and we were able to really intensely, right at the beginning, identify the things that they were going to work on and then set them on a path and figure out all of those engagement zones. So right at the beginning, they had assisted me in compiling and creating data for one of the things that I'm calling our country pages. Think of it like a one-pager that would allow us, if we've got a hurricane that's impacting Puerto Rico, that's off the map. These country pages will allow us to have one place that I could go and just really quickly get some information that I might need about who to reach out to or what some of the common conditions are that we find. I had them jump into that first. The student jumped into Sudan and just like, I am ready to go into Sudan now. She was able to really capture all the information that I needed and took direction super well. Cali jumped on Mexico at first and started compiling information. From our side, it was going out onto the internet and finding some specific information I needed, as well as scrubbing some of our old WCK information that we have collected from times in the past. The benefit that we got from it is I now have a super solid template to be able to use and replicate over each country. Also, the information packet for as we go into a disaster. Now I know what markers to grab from all of our chats to be able to pull into these country pages. It was a really great start. They had special projects in Guatemala. We were down there for the earthquakes, and I know that they had stepped in to help on the data side with the team down there, kind of data compilation, and worked with our community outreach team to help identify and grab information. Then the biggest project was that we had the feeding opportunity where they planned a project around deploying our food truck into DC's Ward 8 and creating 1,000 meals for the community, where we got everything in place. We showed up at Ward 8 at Bread for the City’s location, cooked 1,000 meals, and provided hot meals to the community that Bread for the City was providing services for. Along with that, we did 800 hot meals live, handed them out individually to community members, and then we provided 200 hot meals to DC Central Kitchen for their evening dinner service. So overall, I was so excited about the opportunity, and I hope that they did well and that they enjoyed their time at our kitchen.

They were so good. If they needed direction, they reached out and asked, but it was nose forward and they took it on and ran with it. I was really proud and excited for them.

I take fundraising project for granted at times when we talk about possibility. I live in kind of a really good seat where everything's possible, right? And I think that WCK, kind of our whole environment, gears people to learn not to think in those terms. Every time we had these initial meetings talking about the food truck project, I was like, “We've got this. This is what we do all the time.” Every challenge that popped up and kind of got them stuck, don't worry, this is how we'll do it. I need you to reach out to this person. I was really thankful that we were able to get the support from leadership as well as the GW staff to be able to push this project forward because it was a great learning engagement for everybody.

Yeah, the suggestion that I would like is kind of an internal and external communications side of it. So internally, we didn't have our communications at the beginning set up right. So we had our HQ staff, the communications department, our safety and security department, development department, and fundraising side of it. Then we had our relief team bubble, which is the team that actually does the activation. I would actually implement something where we had our units within the relief team have capacity to have interns. So think of our community outreach team. They're the first boots on the ground. They're the ones that are engaging with the communities there that have been affected. They're building the initial relationships. They're the ones that are finding and locating community members that need food and that are at risk. We've got our distribution team that works on getting food from the kitchen to those community members. So, super logistics heavy, really working with local support to get food from one place to another. Then our culinary team, who cooks the meals and all of the processes around what it looks like for thousands of meals a day. Then supply chain, which was us. And so for this one, our interns kind of got stuck within that initial process of us learning as well. I didn't realize that 10 weeks was going to go by so fast. Maybe having more markers in between, like, “Hey guys, two weeks over, two weeks is over.” I would create a schedule with interns to be embedded in each one of our units for an amount of time and to be able to get a picture of what each unit looks like and how they operate and see how they can support those units both remotely as well as if we have this project form.

Regarding the application process, we could have done better and found better candidates across the board. I think you guys did an amazing job sourcing and getting the right candidates, and I would be hard-pressed to figure out how to improve that.
